**Learn to make your own sourdough starter--and delicious breads and other baked goods! No instant or active yeast required!**

What if the secret to authentic, natural, and delicious bread comes from making your own starter--the agent that incorporates wild yeast and bacteria into your bread, bringing it to life and giving it rich and robust flavor? With years of culinary experience and training, French baker Mouni Abdelli invites you to discover the joy and satisfaction of making your own natural sourdough starter, which offers unrivaled flavor and releases the full nutritional and digestive benefits of the bread you bake. Unlike mass-produced and unwholesome industrially made bread, making your own homemade baked bread is a return to natural, nourishing ingredients, and an invitation to slow down and return to the simple and magical process of breadmaking.

With Abdelli's guidance and recipes, you will first learn to make your own sourdough starter from scratch, then learn to work it into multiple recipes based on your taste and the other ingredients. You'll learn to make many kinds of bread, including sourdough bread, baguettes, ciabatta, challah, tortillas, and pita. You'll also be able to use your starter to move beyond bread and make delicious waffles, brownies, pizza dough, donuts, and more! Over the course of the book, you will become a breadmaking expert as you learn to maintain your starter--feeding it, storing it, and using it to make the best homemade breads and baked goods you have ever tasted!
